Support allowNonTransactional config (#999)
spring-cloud/spring-cloud-stream-binder-kafka: docs/src/main/asciidoc/overview.adoc

+
Default: `30`

allowNonTransactional::

> If set to true, transactions will be disabled on this producer binding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normally, all output bindings associated with a transactional binder will publish in a new transaction, if one is not already in process.
This property allows you to override that behavior.
If set to true, records published to this output binding will not be run in a transaction, unless one is already in process.
```
